

1. Write Selection Sort function.  
   a. Revise your program to read input from the keyboard. done  
   b. Revise your program to read input from a file. The name of the file should be taken as an argument from the command line. done  

2. Implement Sorting Algorithms. Develop implementations for the following sorting algorithms: Selection Sort, Insertion Sort, and Merge Sort (and/or Quick Sort). done 

3. Measure Execution Time. Record the execution time of each sorting algorithm for varying input sizes.  Not done

4. Compare Experimental and Theoretical Performance. Analyze the experimentally obtained execution times and compare them with the theoretical time complexity estimates for each algorithm.Not Done  

5. Determine Input Size Limits. Calculate the theoretical maximum input size each algorithm can handle within a 5-minute execution time limit.Not  Done

6. Identify Complexity Expressions. Derive the time complexity expressions for each algorithm based on the experimental data and compare them with their theoretical counterparts.Not Done  

7. Find the specifications of your laptop/PC. How would you select a new laptop or PC if you were buying one?  Done

8. Implement insert and remove member functions in myArray.  Dobe

9. Implement a class for Polynomials.  Done

10. Implement a class for Matrices.  Done

11. Complexity questions (3_lec.pdf).Not Done

12. Average case analysis for Quicksort: does the proof go through for the guess T(n) = Cn?  

13. Implement prepend for LinkedList.  Done 

14. Implement remaining functions of sequence ADT for LinkedList.Done  

15. Write C++ programs for:  
   a. Stack ADT using Array/Vector.  Done 
   b. Stack ADT using LinkedList.  Done 
   c. Queue ADT using LinkedList.  Done 

16. Is it possible to implement a Queue using Stacks?  Done

17. Implement Matrix class using:  
   a. 1-D array  Not Done
   b. Array/Vector of pairs for sparse matrix Not Done  

18. Implement tree traversal methods for Binary Tree class.  

19. Implement a constructor for Binary Tree class that takes pre-order and in-order sequences as input.  

20. Solve exercises on Heap (6_lec.pdf).  

21. Implement Heap data structure with non-recursive maxHeapify.  

22. Implement priority queue using Heap.  

23. Implement heap sort using Heap data structure.  

24. Why is the test y.parent \notequal z required in BST delete operation?  

25. Implement Binary Search Tree data structure
